Maint/replace edb with pyedb (#4269)
ansys/pyaedt: examples/00-EDB/Readme.txt

EDB examples
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> EDB is a powerful API that allows to control PCB data efficently.
> You can either use EDB standalone or embedded in HFSS 3D Layout in AEDT.
> EDB class in now part of PyEDB package which is currently installed with PyAEDT and back compatible with PyAEDT.
> All EDB related examples have been moved
> at  `PyEDB examples page <https://edb.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/examples/index.html>`_.
> These examples use EDB (Electronics Database) with PyAEDT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EDB is a powerful API for efficiently controlling PCB data.
You can either use EDB standalone or embedded in HFSS 3D Layout in AEDT.
The ``EDB`` class in now part of the PyEDB package, which is currently installed with PyAEDT and backward-compatible with PyAEDT.
All EDB related examples have been moved
to the `Examples page <https://edb.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/examples/index.html>`_ in the PyEDB
documentation.
These examples use EDB (Electronics Database) with PyAEDT.
```

.. code:: python

>     # Launch the latest installed version of AEDB.

Reviewer: Possibly change to EDB?

    import pyaedt
    edb = pyaedt.Edb("mylayout.aedb")

>     # User can launch Edb directly from PyEDB class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # You can also launch EDB directly from PyEDB.
